Welcome back.
We've just done our first contribution which wasn't that crazy right.
We just went to the start here guideline and added our names to the contributors list but let's actually
contribute to an open source project now.
Now in our community every month we do coding challenges.
Now you can search for coding challenges here but this month is a special event because we're actually
doing a half Tobar fest event and this happens once a year in our community.
In October and you can see that if we click on the hack Tobar fest 2019 link so depending on when you
watch this you might have a different ear.
You see that we've provided for you an opportunity to contribute to an open source project.
We actually have animation nation.
We have a Santa fied project and also a Python project and you can contribute to any one of these so
if we look at animation nation while people have contributed their CSF animations here.
This one looks nice.
We also have the Santa fied project.
So people have created a little Santa Web site that's kind of nice very very cool.
And then we also have the python art project that actually does something really cool.
If I go to the Web site here it will actually turn an image into ASCII art which is really really cool.
Now there's tons of projects that you can do but let's try and do this animation nation project so the
first thing I'm going to do is go to the project repository
and follow the steps that we've done before that is we fork the repository
we now clone this repository.
Let's get clone.
And while that is being cloned let's look at the instructions
now.
Most open source projects will have instructions on how you can contribute in our case.
We have a nice step by step guide.
So in the our directory create a directory name after yourself.
Ok that's nice and easy to do.
So let's C.D. into the animation nation project let's open it up and sublime and we see that there's
an art folder and in here we have to create our own name or our own folder with our name I've actually
already created a folder called animatronic that has a little CSR project with an X dot HMO and CSX.
So just to show you let's move this or just to show you.
This is my little animation using some simple index a sheet metal and CSX.
Nothing too crazy.
Now all we need to do is move this into the art folder as the instructions have given us
and now we've added our project.
Let's see where is animatronic.
There it is.
That's my project over there.
Next is to well within this folder make sure we create two files an HMO file and a CSX file and link
the CSX file to your HMO using only H2 Mellon CSX.
Create a work of art.
So I've actually already done that again.
If we go back to the project I have an index a sheet metal file very very simple that's linked to a
style sheet and this is my styles that I've added for my animation that
these little lines now.
The last part here is to add my own card to this section to include dodgy JSF.
So let's just copy this
go to the
includes or include Dodge.
Yes and you see this is where everybody enters their information.
And right here we can just add while we copy and pasted.
Make sure the indentation is proper.
So the our name is going to be called animatronic
page link is going to be while the name of our folder.
So I named the Tron index dot HMO
and then the gift name which they suggested that we include a gift.
So if I remember correctly the gift name was trance dot gift.
Again I just created a little gif of my animation.
So we'll call it trance dot gif.
Author is Andre and they get how blank is like get how blink.
All right.
So that should be good.
Let's now make a pull request.
Now notice here how I did all these changes on M..
Ideally we created these changes on a new branch so we can actually just do that now get checkout be
and call it animatronic
so if I do get status now I see that I have two changes.
That's good.
Let's do get ad get commit
adding my artsy ness to the project.
And then finally get push origin animatronic.
All right.
If we go back to the project we see that we actually now have a little icon that says compare poor request
if I go back to the fort repo 0 2 mastery you see right over here that I also have this yellow banner.
So if I click on this and say please add me to this list and we'll link to this is Joy who's one of
the managers.
So I'm just going to say please add me to the list.
We actually don't even need to track her because she will check this occasionally.
So I'm going to create a pull request.
It's now opened.
That's awesome.
So please add me to the list if I look at my file changes you can see that these are what I've added
to the project so if I now merge pull request again you won't be able to do this but some of our management
team people who are managing the open source projects will be able to merge for you
We can delete the branch since we have merged everything.
And now let's see if the changes have been made.
If I go to these 0 2 mastery animation nation.
So if I now look for my project a look at that there's my little animatronic project that's well here
it is.
There's my CSX.
That's beautiful
the way this project is designed.
It randomly select the CSX animation so it might not show all of them at the same time so you might
have to refresh this a few times.
But just like that I made my open source contribution.
Now there's a ton of projects here that you can join.
And like I said this is a playground for you to test make mistakes because this isn't a real workplace.
We want to practice these skills before we actually go into work and make big dangerous changes.
And that's open source.
I highly highly recommend that you get involved.
It's a great way to work with others.
It's a great way to learn how get and get hub really work.
There's no doubt that there's a lot that an individual programmer can do.
However the progress and scale that something can be built is really compounded when many people work
on something together.
Go make your first open source contribution and have fun building things with your fellow programmers.
And may one day lead you to impress a potential employer.
See you in the next one.
Bye.